Add to FAQ on SQL traits returning arrays (#4531)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/audiences/sql-traits.md

Yes, Segment limits request sizes to a maximum of 16KB. Records larger than this are discarded.

### Do SQL Traits support arrays?

> It is not possible to pull in an array object with SQL Traits, only strings and numeric traits are supported. Arrays can instead be cast as a comma-separated string - if you were to use this later while building an audience, you would then be able to check whether the array contains a certain value by using the “contains” operator, but the value would be sent to any connected destinations as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, SQL Traits supports string and numeric data types. You can cast arrays as a comma-separated string. In this case, if you used this trait to build an audience, you could check if the array contains a certain value with the "contains" operator, but the value is sent to any connected destinations as a string.
```
